OK, so we have our main sequence with our a roll coverage, and we've cut it together using this really
cool multicam sequence.
Now, you don't need to do the multicam.
You could have done it the old fashioned way like we've done previously, but this is the way we did
it for this edit.
Now, what I also did was I went and I pulled together the various shots.
I pulled the Selex on the cutaway shots.
And if you're like, hey, what the heck, I didn't see that process.
I want to know how you did that.
Go back to the previous lectures in the previous chapters towards the beginning to see how to pull the
Selex, just in case you've forgotten or maybe you missed it.
We've covered that extensively.
So I went ahead, pulled these selects for the B roll, and then I did this nice color labeling.
This is kind of one scene you can call it.
This is all very similar.
B roll.
This this color, they have this cool kind of wide shot in this window.
That's these purple ones.
Then we have, you know, the ceiling stuff.
That's these green ones.
And then this tan one is outside stuff.
Now, this is kind of, you know, if someone were to see this, this could be seen looked upon as unusable.
B, roll.
It's like, what am I even looking at while I'm looking at a window, really shaky footage.
It doesn't make sense.
So like I kind of mentioned before, this kind of gritty street kind of grungy feeling with a lot of
the shakiness is gonna match up perfectly as accent cutaway shots for this type of project.
So let's do this.
Let's go ahead and look at the edit we have so far.
And if you're seeing you have all these green clips, I went ahead and I added these violet pink colors
in my timeline for areas where I wasn't happy with the Ayro coverage.
And I felt that at these specific moments here, it would be beneficial to use the visual coverage in
those moments to further create a cooler looking promo video.
So let's watch the edit all the way through, and then we're going to find the technique to add in this
B roll.
OK, so pretty cool so far, that's just the first pass.
So as you can see, let's just start from the very beginning this moment.
I want to that's why I labeled it this kind of violent pink color.
I want to use some of these shots with that cool beat that we have this touch.
So I'm going to do a marker.
So one, two, three, four.
What I want to do is go ahead, any raised this and we have these there's going to be one shot here,
one shot here, one shot here, and OOPSes, one shot here.
And we're going to use Viorel for this cool intro.
So I'm just going to kind of scan through the shots that we have.
And look for some cool moments that catch my eye.
I like this moment.
Because it kind of goes from dark to light, and that's going to be kind of cool for an intro opening
shot, so I'm going to pull it up and that means I know that that's a shot that I want to pull in to
my timeline.
OK, that's kind of a cool balance right here.
I'm going to grab that as well.
Yep.
And I like that.
Let's push that up and then.
Let's get one of these.
Let's go ahead and grab right there.
So now we have these four shots and we go back to our sequence now before I paste these shots in here.
I'm going to lock off this video layer so well so that when I hit paste, it doesn't overwrite and delete
some of our stuff.
And now I'm actually going to lock this bottom video, layer two so that I can cut down.
These viral shots, without changing any of the rest of this edit that we've put together, and I'm
just going to kind of place these roughly where they're going to go.
I'm not going to worry too much about fine tuning.
OK.
OK, and with this one, what I actually want to do is I want to mess with the speed, and that's kind
of one of these things why I was calling and kind of unusable.
Varosha, it's I mean, like you look at this, you don't see anything special.
But if it's a quick cutaway shot and you have, you know, something that's kind of interesting and
more artistic and you can't really put your finger on what it is, but it just adds character, that's
going to be a win.
So that's really our goal here.
OK.
I'm just going to ask you this little bit.
And I'm going to speed up this shot as well.
Let's go to Hondo.
Just to give it a little bit more energy, the faster the clip, the more the energy or the more quick
everything is happening.
So this last one was a little too fast.
Let's do 150 instead of 200.
And you can use the why slip tool to change where the clip is.
OK, I'm pretty happy with that.
So that's a cool little intro that adds Caird some got a cool little intro that adds some character
and personality if you take these way and we just have the original clip underneath.
Yes, it's cool, you know, but it's just a lot cooler when we have something like that.
It also adds to add a little bit of information for the viewer about the locations, like, OK, whoa.
Looks like a kind of sketchy warehouse, but it just matches with the crunchiness of the video.
So let's play forword.